---
layout: post
title: Week 7
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week we had the midterm, so I spent most of the beginning of the week studying for that. The test itself was taken on the Canvas, so that was interesting. For the first 10 minutes or so of the exam, I couldn't get the page to load, so that was kind of scary. Other than that though, I think I actually liked typing it better than having to write it out on paper. We were allowed 1 page of notes front and back to use on the test as well. I feel like I did okay on it, but I might have made a lot of small mistakes that could cost me points. In class we learned about nested classes as well as the different ways to create constant pointers (const T\*, T\* const, and const T\* const) and what each one means.

**What is in my way?**  Not much is in my way right now. I just have to make sure the I don't fall behind for future classes.  I need to remember to plan to do the work I have in this class while keeping in mind the amount of work I have to do for my other classes. I feel like that is the biggest reason I haven’t been entirely on top of things.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will try to get an early start on the project. I will also try to study my notes from class throughout the week more rather than saving it all for the weekend. I will help me remember the material better in the long run as well as help me understand the information we will learn in the next class. And the quizzes might be a bit easier as well haha.

**Tip of the week:**  This is the time of year when everyone’s schedules start to get really busy, so here is a link to an article about [effective study habits](http://psychcentral.com/lib/top-10-most-effective-study-habits/) to keep everyone on top of their classwork.