---
layout: post
title: Week 14
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week we went over unique pointers, shared pointers and copy-on-write. We also had the final which wasn't so much harder as it was longer than expected. I feel like it was a bit more difficult than the last exam, but 4 of the 6 questions took a lot longer to do.

**Summary of My Experience in the Class**  Overall, my experience in the class was amazing. I love his teaching style in the sense that it gives you more incentive to stay engaged in the lecture. Even though the incentive is there to keep you engaged, it’s not really needed because his lectures are always interesting and entertaining anyway (even though the entire class was always silent at every single “high point of the goddamn class!”). He always encourages us to ask questions if we are confused, and will re-explain a concept to you in class if you don’t understand it. But to get the full experience of his class, it is absolutely necessary to go to every class. That shouldn’t really be a problem since he essentially makes it required to go to every class through the quizzes. I didn’t really have any conflicts with attendance, but I know other who did. I feel like the only absences he would excuse would be for is you were in the hospital. Otherwise, you end up getting a un-droppable zero on a daily quiz. Despite what my grade might say at the end of the semester, I learned a great deal in this class. Overall, I feel the experience of taking this class was a worthwhile experience and would gladly take any of this other classes.