---
layout: post
title: Week 9
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week, we finished project 3 and turned it in a few hours early. This one wasn't as hard as the last project was. It took less time and was easier conceptually. That was lucky for me and my partner because we didn't really get to start on it until Monday. In class, we learned that there are 4 constructors you are given automatically with any built in class object you make: the default constructor, the destructor, the copy assignment constructor, and the copy constructor. However, once you decide to write any constructor yourself, you will automatically lose the default constructor. We also learned how to correctly write the different constructors. I still feel like I learn more from this class than any other class I've taken despite the fact that I pretty much fail every quiz we take due to some technicality I overlooked. Professor Downing's teaching method is unlike any other I have seen, and it works very well.

**What is in my way?**  Starting the project early enough for me to have time to be confused about it has been an issue for me with all of the past projects. Making my schedule for next semester will take a little of my study time, but nothing major. I have some project checkpoints coming up as well, so I’ll need to make sure I’m on top of that as well.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will try to start looking at the project on Monday. I heard this next one is supposed to be difficult, so it is essential that I start it as soon as possible. We also sign up for classes this week, so I’ll need to finish decided what my classes for next semester will be.

**Tip of the week:**  Make sure to prepare next week’s tip.