---
layout: post
title: Week 6
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week I had to make an unexpected trip home to finally go get my laptop from the store. It was originally supposed to be sent here after being repaired, but for some reason after the service order number had been changed twice (for unknown reasons even to the staff at BestBuy), the shipping address had been set to their own factory address. Ridiculous, right? On top of that, for some reason, there were dead parts on my computer that were replaced, and the data was completely wiped from my computer even though I only sent it in to get the Bluetooth and screen repaired. Luckily, I backed it up before I sent it in for repair, but I don't know why it turned out to be so complicated. In class this week, we went over the all_of function, how to write your own iterator function, the difference between a function and a method, and the **friend** keyword. Since there is no project due next week, it's been pretty calm for this class. I've been catching up on the readings, and trying to go over the material we've done in class.

**What is in my way?**  I have to make sure I stay focused while studying for this test. Since I turned in the last project late, I don't think I can afford to make a bad grade on this test.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will continue to prepare for the midterm on Thursday. I also have some projects coming up for other classes, so I'll have to fit starting those in there as well.

**Tip of the week:**  The UTCS app is a useful tool for keeping up with all the meetings, talks, and other events happening through CS organizations on or off campus. It's also a great place to see the latest UTCS related news, which lab machines are free in both labs, and your available disk quota for the CS machines.