---
layout: post
title: Week 13
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week we finished project 5. It was a bit stressful, but we finished it a few hours early. I’m both relieved and terrified. We just have two more weeks left until the end of the semester, but that also means we have two more weeks until the final. I’ll have to study hard if I want to make a good grade on the exam. In class, we talked about the different types of casts as well as the different reasons and consequences of using abstract classes. Some representatives from Spiceworks also came and talked to us about there work environment and past experiences as other companies as well as the software they use.

**What is in my way?**  I have a research paper due for another class on the same day as the test, so I'll have to balance studying for the test and writing the paper. I'll have to make sure that I don't procrastinate on either of them so that I can do really well on the test. Other than that, there isn't really anything in my way I guess.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week is the week of Thanksgiving, but unfortunately I still have to go to a class on Tuesday, so I won't be going back home until after that class. It's going to be hard to keep up with studying while I'm there, but I'll have to if I want to make a good grade on the final. I won’t have time to cover it all if I try to wait until the last week. Since the semester is not over yet, I’ll have to fight the urge to relax. I'll need to make sure that I don't overlook anything while studying even if I think I understand it well enough.

**Tip of the week:** Here are some [tips](http://www.topuniversities.com/student-info/health-and-support/exam-preparation-ten-study-tips) for preparing for the upcoming exam. Have a good Thanksgiving everyone. Eat lots of food, and drive safely!