---
layout: post
title: Week 12
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  The last project of the semester was assigned this week. I didn't realized how close we were to the end of the semester. There are only two and a half weeks left of school since Thanksgiving is coming up. There's not much time left in the year at all. My partner and I started the assignment, but realized that we didn't know the syntax well enough to actually write anything. We both ended up just kind of staring at the screen for a while, so we decided that we work on it together again when we understood the syntax a bit more.

**What is in my way?**  The only thing that might be in my way is realizing how little time we have left. I have to make sure that I stay focused and don't get lazy. I have to keep up with the work and study for the test coming up.

**What will I do next week?**  My partner and I will hopefully finish the project on time. After the project is finished, I will have to start studying for the final. I tend not to do well on the tests because I overlooked something I thought I understood well enough while studying. I feel like I understand all of the material to the extent that if the notes were sitting there next to me, I would know exactly what to do. But in order to do well, I will need to know exactly what to do even without the notes to help me. So I will need to start reviewing.

**Tip of the week:** Here is a [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rub-JsjMhWY) that might be useful. The whole video is over an hour long, but there is a section about inheritance and virtual methods that helped me visualize what was happening.