---
layout: post
title: Week 10
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week was the week I got to sign up for classes. I got the classes I wanted or needed for the most part. Unfortunately, the computer graphics class I wanted to take was canceled, although I'm not really sure why. Since it wasn't available to sign up for, I had to choose another class to take instead. We were assigned project 4 this week, as well. Since we're focusing on containment in class, this project wants us to use non-generic containment where everything is hidden and only behavior is provided. Getters and setters cannot be used, and he does not want us to use inheritance either. We also had a company called Pariveda Solutions come in to talk to us. I thought it was interesting that they said their employees tend to learn many different skills because they will be assigned rolls on projects that they are not as strong in or have no knowledge of in an effort to learn a new skill. Of course you have a say in the roll you are given if you don’t like moving around so much, but I like the idea of being well rounded in terms of your skill set.

**What is in my way?**  I’ve got a project for another class that’s due in about a week and a half, so I need to make sure I make time to do that project this week.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will continue to work on the project 4 and hopefully turn it in on time without any problems. Then I should be able to focus the majority of my time on that other project.

**Tip of the week:**  My tips of the week tend to focus on staying on task since I seem to have lots of trouble with that. So, [here](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/225321) are a few useful tips for staying focused while working.