---
layout: post
title: Week 2
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  The second week of classes has finished. In class, we talked about how to go about writing a program, types of caches, l-values and r-values, the differences between debugging with global variables, assertions and exceptions, and pre-increment vs. post increment. Project 1 was assigned at the beginning of this week as well, but I ended up not being able to officially get started on it until Friday afternoon due to some issues setting up Docker and not getting started on the reading early enough. This project isn't too hard though, so I should be able to make up for the lost time. I'll just have to make sure I get started on the next project much earlier. Dr. Downing also went over some helpful optimizations for the project in class, so that should help me get my program running faster as well as get me thinking about other possible optimizations I can implement. I was able to get Docker installed on my laptop without upgrading to Windows 10 Pro, but I had to do a clean install of the OS before it would work properly. I managed to get called on again in class this week. It is getting less scary to be called on, and I'm not as nervous about answering incorrectly. I've only been called on twice though, so I'm not really sure why that's the case. Maybe it's setting in that I can't do anything to keep myself from being called on, and I'm just accepting my fate. There are some people who haven't been called on yet. There are actually quite a few. Maybe it's just me, but I feel like a few of the names have been called multiple times throughout the past two weeks. I wonder if those who haven't been called yet are still as afraid to be called on as they were at the beginning.

**What is in my way?**  My time management was the biggest issue this week. It's been a bit difficult to do all the class work and still get to do the things that I want to do. I got a late start on the reading and ended up trying to so them throughout the week to prepare for class rather than having it all read before the week began. I can't read textbooks in the evening. I just end up falling asleep instead. I want to try to read them either in the morning before class, or on the weekend when I am have the most energy. Any other time, I just seem to be really tired, especially with it being so hot outside. Right after I get home from class could potentially work, but with it being so hot out right now, I just end up too tired to start reading by the time I get home. I can do other things then that require more thinking, just not reading. This week, I felt very tired and sleepy throughout the week in general. I think it was a combination of having to catch up on the reading and my new fitness routine. I went from not working out the whole summer to having a fitness class for an hour or so every day. The first couple of weeks is always the worst. It should start to get better over this coming week.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I'm going to try as hard as I can to get the project finished sooner rather than later. I'm also going to try to get the reading done before the week begins or at least in the first half of the week. If it comes down to it though, I will probably decide to forgo the reading until project is finished. I would rather miss a problem on the quiz than turn in a late project. Partner programming starts with the next project, so that should be interesting. If Project 2 becomes available next week, I will try to get an early look at it. It's a partner project, so I can't truly start on it until I have a partner, but I can try to get a good understanding of what we will need to do.

**The Project**  The project itself isn't too bad, but I'm not really use to all of the software that we have to use along with it. Most of it I've really never used before. There are also lots of little extra things he wants you to do along with the project like estimating the amount of time it will take you to finish the project before you even start it, issue tracking, and using branches to develop your code that can be a bit tedious for anyone who hasn't ever done it before. Making sure that I am using everything correctly has been a little bit of a challenge. On top of that, I'm still not 100% use to coding in C++ either. Writing in a language I don't know very well will definitely slow me down on future projects, so I'll need to study it a bit before the next project. Setting up Docker was probably the most frustrating thing I did this past week. I could not figure out how to mount my files correctly in Docker. It took me forever to figure out what the problem was since the instructions were made for Mac and Linux users. Apparently, in Windows you have to write "//c/User/..." as the mounting point of any file you are trying to map to. I think there were lots of Windows users struggling with the same sort of thing, so I'm glad I wasn't the only one.

**Pick of the week:**  If you are trying to learn C++, or any other language for that matter, or if you just want a fun way to practice coding, I would suggest you give [Codingame](http://codingame.com) a try. I've only played a few of the games at this point, but I like it so far. It aims to help people learn to code through games. Each game has a different task that you have to complete by writing code in your chosen language as well as a set of test cases you have to pass. It has multiple languages (about 25) to choose from, and though it is not a replacement for the documentation, it is a fun alternative. There are also different levels to choose from where the higher levels give you more difficult problems to solve. You can create an account if you want to keep track of your progress, but it is not required, and you gain experience each time you successfully run through all of the test cases. I personally like to see the visual result of what my code does, so this will be a great tool for me to practice with.
