---
layout: post
title: Week 2
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  This week was a little bit more stressful than the past couple weeks have been. Now that we're kind of getting in to the swing of things, I'm going to have to be much more adamant about scheduling my time so that I can get everything that I want to do done. We turned in our projects this week. I took an entire day to make sure that I turned in the project correctly. There were so many things you had to make sure you submitted exactly the way he wanted them that I didn't feel comfortable submitting it unless I got to take my time with it. We had to submit a pull request for our tests on GitHub, a Json file on canvas, and have the correct files shown in our private repo on GitHub. If anything is wrong with any of those submission after the due date, it's 20% penalty and you have 24 hours to fix it. I haven't gotten an email so far, so I think I did it all correctly. In class, we went over the intricacies of references, pointers, and l- and r-values as well as how all of those things interact with each other. I felt like I could pay attention a lot better than I was able to last week, so I understood the material a lot better as well. The next step will be testing it out myself so that I can solidify the information in my head. This is becoming one of my favorite classes. Dr. Downing is very good at explaining the concepts we learn in class and correcting misconceptions about anything, no matter how trivial it is, without making without making anyone feel stupid for not knowing the answer. I haven't gone to his office hours on anything yet, but I feel like he is pretty easy to talk to.

**What is in my way?**  Nothing is really in my way right now since we don't have any assignments yet. I think procrastination is still a little bit of a problem, but it has definitely gotten better. I didn't finish my project as early as I wanted to because I kept getting distracted in the middle of working on it. I need to make some sort of to-do list to keep me on track and to remind me of the things I want to make time for.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, going to try to get an early start on the project while I try to find a partner to work with. I also need to catch up on the readings for this class, so I'm going to try to finish those before Monday comes.

**Pick of the week:**  I found this [Git Tutorial] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdZecVxzJbk) for fixing mistakes you've made while committing your changes very useful and thought it might be useul to other students as well. He tells you how to modify incorrect commit messages and how to undo unwanted commits as well as when certain ones should be used. He also tells you how to move commits between branches in case you were editting in the wrong branch, which can be particularly useful, and talks about the different types of resets that can be done in git.