---
layout: post
title: Week 1
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  The first week of classes was pretty okay. With the summer having just come to an end, it can be hard to get back into the routine of going to classes and doing homeowork everyday, but I think I've managed to adjust. The first day of class was basically a demo for what Dr. Downing's class is going to be like throughout the semester. His teaching style is very interactive and full of examples that he explains line-by-line. We looked at the differences between Java and C++ and went over the basics of the development tools we will be using for the upcoming projects. Whenever there is a question to be answered, Dr. Downing calls on a random student in class to answer the question, but you don't just regurgitate the answer and move on. It's more like he's having a conversation with you about what he's teaching to make sure you, and everyone else, understand it. I actually really like his style of teaching, but it gives me a mini heart attack everytime he pauses to pick someone. I was "lucky enough" to be one of his victims this week, and it was nerve wracking. The questions weren't hard, but the whole public speaking anxiety thing kicks in and suddenly you don't know how to do simple math anymore (totally not speaking from experience). It's really going to challenge me to pay attention throughout the whole class and not zone out in the middle of it, something I'm sure many of us are guilty of doing. Having said that, I'm sure there will still be some times when I just don't know the answer. Even in these first few days of class going over fairly easy code, many of the times he asked a question, the answers given were wrong. I will have to try to remind myself not to worry so much about whether or not I answer the question correctly. I think he asks some questions expecting the wrong answer in return. Chances are if I answer the question wrong, most of the other students in the class were thinking the same thing. That gives Dr. Downing the chance to correct all of our misconceptions at the same time. It's going to be an interesting class. I am excited for it to begin and hope I can keep up with the workload.

**What is in my way?** My procrasticnating habits are probably the most problematic. I want to make an extra effort to start projects early rather than waiting until the last possible minute.  Since we haven't really gotten into the full swing of things I haven't really been able to figured out an effective work schedule for this class, but I'm hoping this blog will help me stay on top of my studies and projects. I can also be a bit anti-social sometimes, so I'll have to fight through the social anxiety in order to do some of these partner projects. Overall, I think this class will be fun and well worth taking.

**What will I do next week?** I intend on having my test environments set up so that I can start on the projects as soon as possible. I have Docker set set up on my desktop, but have been unable to do so on the laptop I am using temporarily. Unfortunately, it has an i3 processor, which is ridiculously slow I might add, and came with Windows 10 Home on it, so I have been unable to intall Docker on it even with the toolbox. I think I'm just going to have to upgrade the OS to pro if I want to be able to work on my projects anywhere outside of my apartment. That's going to be the easiest solution anyway. I'm also going to have to familiarize myself with C++ since I've never really used it before and remind myself how to use git and Github again. There are also quite a few readings that need to be read for this class, so I'm planning to get ahead on that as well. 

**Pick of the week:** I feel like most people either know about this already or have Windows 10 Pro already, so I feel like this pick is more specific to my situation. Without an OS that can run your software, you can't do any software development, so if you need an upgrade to Windows 10 Pro, the Campus Computer Store offers a one-time $20 download to all students. Once you verify that you are indeed a student here, they will send you a download link that is good for two years. I was planning to buy the upgrade anyway to use somewhere else, but it actually turned out to be useful in this situation.

I also like the Prose.io text editor. Although it is completely unecessary and very simple, it gives you a nice GUI to edit your project files directly from Github. You can edit your current Github files, change branches, and commit changes with comments to your Github. It also has a few formatting buttons (**bold**, _italics_, - bulletpoints
, etc.) incase you don't know how to write it into the file yourself as well as a preview button so that you can see what your webpage will look like as a result of your changes. On top of that, if you CRTL + s, it will save everything you have written at that moment, as long as you don't leave the page, without commiting what you have written. When you do decide to commit, it will show you the changes you have made since the last save. It can be useful for things like this blog if you don't want to have to pull and push the entire repo for one file, but might not be worth it in other cases. A couple downsides: there is no spell-check, and it does not correctly format the .md files. When I try to type the layout and title header, it includes it in the visble text on the page. I don't know if this problem can be fixed, but aside from those things, it is a nice text editor.
