---
layout: post
title: Week 8
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  So the project is due this week. I've gotten to start on it a bit early than the last project, but I still didn't start it as early as I wanted to. From the looks of it, this project is not as hard as the last one was, so hopefully that won't be a problem. Dr. Downing gave us shell code this time, so that should help out a little bit. My partner and I were kind of busy this week, so we haven't gotten much time to work on the project together yet. This week we went over some of the basics of the project, the differences and benefits of using stack data and heap data, and how constructors and destructors are used differently depending on how you define or initialize the variable.

**What is in my way?**  Keeping myself focused is always an issue for me. I tend to take lots of small breaks because of those distractions, so hopefully I can stay focused long enough to get the project done in time. I want to go to the volleyball game this Wednesday, so hopefully we can finish everything early. I also have a research paper due this week that I'm going to have to find time to work on, so that might take away some of the time I need to work on the project.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will try to finish the project as early as possible so that I can go the volleyball game on Wednesday. I will also try to get that research done early so I don’t have to worry about it after the game.

**Tip of the week:**  Here are [some tips](http://techbeacon.com/50-tips-improving-your-software-development-game) for how to improve your software development skills. 