---
layout: post
title: Week 4
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  In class we went over more of the intricacies of pointers and references and how passing variables to functions as either of them gives those variables a different set of operations to work with. We also had a guest speaker from Bloomberg come in and talk about what it is like to work Bloomberg and what their recruiters look for when recruiting. Project 2 was assigned this week, and unfortunately I got a late start on the project this week. Some family came down for the weekend, so I got significantly less done than I wanted to. If my partner and I stay focused, I think we should be able to get back on track. Aside from that, I went to the Unity Technologies workshop on Saturday. We learned some of the basics for using the Unity game engine, and created a very basic game using their pre-defined UI and character/object models. It was a nice introduction to using that software, and I'm looking forward to being able to play around with it a little more. I also got to meet some new, interesting people who are also interested in game development.

**What is in my way?**  The amount of work I haven't done on the project worries me a little bit. I hope starting the project this late isn't too hard to overcome. I also need to do the reading for next week, so that's just another thing added to the to-do list. 

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, I will try to get the project done as soon as possible. I am planning on going to the career fair as well, but depending on how far we can get through the project, my time there might be limited.

**Tip of the week:**  If you are behind on the reading, start trying to catch up on it now. The first test is two weeks after the second project is due, so start studying and catching up now. Also, make sure you find time to relax during stressful weeks. Just a couple friendly reminders to myself and everyone else.