---
layout: post
title: Week 11
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  We turned in project 4 this week. It wasn't too bad, but I got started on it a bit late again. I don't really know why I like to wait until the last minute to get started on a project, but I should stop doing that because it is incredibly stressful when I do. In class, we learned about the move assignment operator and how to build its constructor so that you can swap an empty object with an object that has something you want. We also went over different keywords you can use for declaring variables and how each of them affects affects the behavior of that variable in the program.

**What is in my way?**  My own procrastination still gets in the way a bit, but only when I work by myself. When someone else is involved, I tend to be on top of things because whatever I choose to do will affect someone else if I choose badly. I just need to start taking that mentality with all of my work whether I’m working on it with someone else or not. The hardest part of the project for me is starting it, so once I start it, there shouldn't be a problem. I just have to start it early enough. I also have a project for another class that is due on Tuesday, so I won't be starting on this project until that one is finished and turned in.

**What will I do next week?**  Next week, project 5 will be assigned. I plan to start it as early as possible. I need to keep myself motivated so that I feel like over the nest few days so that I'm ready to start it earlier rather than later. I need to find a partner earlier in the week, as well. All the other times I've had a partner I didn't find them until Thursday, so I'll need to look a bit earlier than that.

**Tip of the week:** [F.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) is an app you can install that will give you computer screen a more orange or yellow tint to reduce the strain on your eyes caused by blue light. You can choose to have make your screen yellow all of the time or just when it gets dark. Researchers also suggest in [this](http://lifehacker.com/will-night-modes-on-my-smartphone-or-tablet-actually-1766261703) article to reduce your exposure to blue light in order to improve your quality of sleep though it has not been proven as fact. For people with a desktop computers, the app might not be as useful since the monitor might have a yellowing option on it already (unless you want the process to be automated or something). Although, with the app, you can adjust how yellow you want your screen to be. However, it could be useful for anyone who has a laptop because as far as I know, laptops don’t really have this functionality build into them. For anyone that didn’t know, your phone has this functionality, too.