---
layout: post
title: Week 5
published: true
---

**What did I do this week?**  Project 2 was due this week, and unfortunately because of that late start, my partner and I ended up having to turn the project in late. My partner was my sister this past week, so we both got started late for the same reason. It was kind of annoying because it turned out we that we were just subtracting in our prediction algorithm when we should have been adding. I'm not going to let that happen again. We don't have another project for about a month, but when that project comes, I'm NOT going to be starting it late. In class, we talked about how it is useful to write algorithms that demand the weakest iterator and provide the strongest iterator. We also had a speaker from JPL come in and talk about how they created a map of Mars that can be viewed using HoloLens. Creating this map of Mars allowed the scientists studying it to more accurately determine the size and distance of objects in the surrounding area as well as the height of hills and the depth of valleys on Mars. The scientists are able to move around the Mars in real time to study what they want, when they want. They can also see and communicate with other scientists in the area. They brought in a HoloLens as well to show us how it worked. The software was interesting in and of itself, but the process and checkpoints they through to create their software was interesting too. They talked about how good software is not defined by how well it works, but by whether people want to use it by choice using Pokemon Go as an example as well as how important it is to build something that is actually useful or wanted by the people. They also gave some pretty useful advice for how to carry out the development of your software.

**What is in my way?**  Catching up on the material to prepare for the class is the only thing in my way I think. Since we don't have a project to work on though, it shouldn't be too hard to do. I also need to go back and look that the notes we've taken in class and make sure I really understand them for the test.

**What will I do next week?**  We have the test coming up in a couple of weeks, so I'm going to use the next two weeks to get back on track and study for the test. 

**Tip of the week:**  If you have Notepad++, you can search the document with **\n**. Just hit **CTRL + f** and in the **Search Mode** under the **find** tab, click the **Extended** option.